Add a callback to skip the opening of a recursive directory (#80)
GoogleChromeLabs/browser-fs-access: README.md

  startIn: 'downloads',
  // By specifying an ID, the user agent can remember different directories for different IDs.
  id: 'projects',

>   // Callback whether a directory needs to be opened, return true to skip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Callback to determine whether a directory should be entered, return `true` to skip.
```
